----------1) Can you update the copyright notice? It’s not 2017 any more!
2) I want to add a new page called “FAQs”. Just add the page with some placeholder text that says “FAQs coming
soon” and put a link in the menu. I’ll send the content over at a later date.
3) I can add a new category in the administration area, but the added categories do not appear on the list in the
menu. Can you fix this? I want to be able to add, for example, specials or a vegan section and have it appear.
4) We rotate the menu regularly need to remove items from the website and then put them back at a later date. At
the moment I have to delete the item then type out all the information again to relist it. Can you add some
functionality that lets me hide the dish from customers with the ability to easily restore it later? I do still want to be
able to permanently delete some dishes though.
5) Can you add a “review” option so that users can add a review to each menu item? Users should then be able to
see all the reviews of a particular item. Each review should have a rating 1-5, name of the reviewer and their review
text. Please list the best 3 reviews under the product on the menu with an option to see more if there are more than
3.
6) When adding reviews, I don’t want them to just appear straight on the website, I’d like the opportunity to see what
people put in case it’s spam. Let me choose which reviews are published and which aren’t.
7) I’d like my colleagues to be able to use the website. At the moment we all use the same password. Instead, I’d like
to be able to manage user accounts so I can give new staff access (And remove their access when they leave the
company). Each member of staff should have their own username and password used to log in to the admin area.
8) I’d like to be able to upload some photos of each meal. Can you make it so I can upload some pictures when I add
a dish to the website?
9) I want to be able to add updates to the home page. Each entry should have a date (so people know when it
was posted), a title a description and sometimes a photo. This will be used for things like special offers or
informing customers about our bank holiday opening times.
10) Please add a booking option. Let the customers provide contact details, the number of guests and the
date/time of their meal. We will take the bookings and enter them on our in house booking system so the
website doesn’t need to work out of a time slot is available. After the booking is made on the website, I’d like it to
be visible in the admin area where we can make it as “processed” once the booking has been entered into our
reservation system. Once it’s processed it should be hidden from the list, but my need to access processed
bookings from time to time.
